my name is I'm a mother of four children
with the fifth due this month I feel
aches and pains all the time my home was
shelled and destroyed my children and I
are living in this tent suffering from
Fierce cold and hunger I can't afford to
buy any clothes for my baby which is due
soon and my home was new but we didn't
have time to enjoy
it
apart from my pregnancy I'm diabetic and
also have high blood pressure since the
war started I'm not able to get my
medications by the grace of God my baby
is alive and kicking and I hope he comes
safe to this world I'm not able to
follow up with any doctor like other
pregnant
women I don't have any source of income
I can't afford to get anything for the
baby that could be born anytime I rest
my case with God and generous
people I know I'm pregnant and not
supposed to be exposed to smoke but as
you can see I'm living in this plastic
tent during this fiercely cold weather
it is war and I am helpless smoke is
harmful to me and the fetus too but it's
nothing compared to This ferocious cold
weather this is how I prepare food for
my children and myself I don't have
anything just one pan and one
pot there is no food just some sugar I
can wait but children
can't he's a year and seven months old
he's not eaten anything since morning
just one piece of
bread he's starving he wants to eat
anything he can't sleep out of
hunger and we don't have anything to
offer children we're left to God's
mercy make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer